premain: enable JSON formatted logs if `EDG_LOG_FORMAT=json` (#766)
edgelesssys/marblerun: docs/docs/workflows/add-service.md

* `EDG_MARBLE_DNS_NAMES` is the list of DNS names and IPs the Coordinator will issue the Marble's certificate for.

> Optionally, you can set the `EDG_LOG_FORMAT` environment variable to `json` to enable JSON structured logs for the Marble's start up code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can set the `EDG_LOG_FORMAT` environment variable to `json` to enable JSON-structured logs for the Marble's startup code.
```
